[DMS] March release branch, release Thursday 27 (#6603)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/edb-postgres-ai/migration-etl/data-migration-service/getting_started/index.mdx

1.  **[Install the EDB DMS Reader](installing)**: In your source machine, install the EDB DMS Reader from the EDB repository.

1.  ** Optional - [Install the EDB DMS Writer](installing2)**: Perform this step only if you want to migrate either HCP-managed databases or other external, self-managed databases to a different database outside of the Hybrid Control Plane. In your target machine, install the EDB DMS Writer from the EDB repository.

1.  **[Prepare your source Oracle or Postgres database](preparing_db)**: In your source machine, prepare the source database by altering settings and creating users that are required for the migration. Ensure your source database can accept SSL connections.

> 1.  **[Configure the EDB DMS Reader](config_reader)**: In the EDB Postgres AI Console, download dedicated migration credentials. In your source machine, configure the EDB DMS Reader by exporting environment variables that allow the Reader to connect to the source. Execute the Reader.

Author: ```suggestion
1.  **[Configure the EDB DMS Reader](config_reader)**: In the Hybrid Control Plane portal, download dedicated migration credentials. In your source machine, configure the EDB DMS Reader by exporting environment variables that allow the Reader to connect to the source. Execute the Reader.
```

1.  **[Configure the EDB DMS Reader](config_reader)**: In the EDB Postgres AI Console, download dedicated migration credentials. In your source machine, configure the EDB DMS Reader by exporting environment variables that allow the Reader to connect to the source. Execute the Reader.

> 1.  **[Configure the EDB DMS Writer](config_writer)**: In your source machine, configure the EDB DMS Writer by exporting environment variables that allow the Writer to connect to the source. Execute the Writer.

Reviewer: I think this should be: 
**[Configure the EDB DMS Writer(Optional)](config_writer)**: In your target machine, configure the EDB DMS Writer by exporting environment variables that allow the Writer to connect to the target. Execute the Writer.

Reviewer: The writer is only needed when user want to migrate to external target database.
And writer is connecting to target database to write data

Author: Sounds good, what do you think about this: 
```suggestion
1.  **[Configure the EDB DMS Writer](config_writer)** (optional): Perform this step only if you want to migrate databases from the EDB Postgres AI Hybrid Control Plane to an external database. In your target machine, configure the EDB DMS Writer by exporting environment variables that allow the Writer to connect to the target. Execute the Writer.
```

Reviewer: I think we still need to change a little bit. The use case is not limited the source database should be in the HCP. 
The use case for the external target database feature should be migrating from customer source database anywhere(accessible for reader) to a target database out of HCP.

Author: Edited the suggestion above, please take a look.
